hello people of their a summer to
remember collab channel so it's our
first so we are doing the 13 multiple 13
questions are 13 questions tax roll the
clip or what what do you order at doc oh
oh oh I will you ordered silex 10 News
so your closet that you cannot live
without well I guess my Jack Daniels
sauce sure I'm just kidding I cannot
live without my Jean vestry what's one
thing people probably don't know about
you well I'm an insane like reader I
real all due time like every single book
I fine favorite book is The Alchemist
series or the immortal nicholas flamel
series and the hunger games series Gail
I love you think I would love to do when
I'm before would die um go crowd surfing
I don't know why but that's been my life
goal for the passage and me meat meat
meat check dem um meet the guy who's in
Epic Meal Time and Rachel's 01 food you
cannot live it up Jack Daniels oh that's
a quote / phrase that you live by still
stirring with our fingers fingering
chicks and um live as if you'll die
tomorrow dream as if you'll live forever
think about the like and just like about
the YouTube community I like it because
you meet like amazing people on yours
ridiculous and then I don't like it
someone's like I just everyone's like
YouTube when there's actually no drama
on here it off so there's that they're
just making got my neck number one
listen to song on iTunes the lazy song
because that's like my soundtrack of my
life will you describe your stylist
scrumdiddlyumptious and I think it's
jack daniel sauce sauce woody I don't
know maybe I don't know and I look like
a squirrel score League favorite number
um nine cuz that's my cell phone number
and then once your favorite was two
hobbies well of course eating Jack done
no sauce and looking at squirrels to
pepes my pet peeve is when people blink
like really hard and that it's so
annoying i'm just like Shah oh my blood
and when people don't know what sauce is
well when people don't like Jack Daniel
sauce what's my guilty pleasure well
Katie just kidding um my cat wait wasn't
guilty pleasure Jack Daniels sauce hello
it's one magic one hey and my magical
under idea bet you didn't notice what's
the next question so that was all the
questions I hope you on a wonderful day
and I'll see you next week so go home
enjoy some shark Daniels so Saeng go
look at some schools bye